catalytic resides on the extracytoplasmic surface. The structure of the bacterial O-antigen modifying acetyltransferase OafB is a novel fold for the AT3 domain, which molecular dynamics simulations demonstrated is stable in the membrane.
We developed a novel model of decision-making that can be mapped to known pathways in the insect brain. The model is a novel system for robust autonomous decision-making with potential application in robotics. The model can be mapped to known pathways in the insect brain and is neurobiologically plausible.
E. coli OP50-1 ( RRID: WB)). The ether lipid biosynthesis enzyme fard-1/FAR1 was a novel therapeutic target to promote healthy aging. The results of this study demonstrate that ether lipid biosynthesis is a novel therapeutic target to promote healthy aging.
Molecular biology and ecology. Bacteria are universal across hosts and universal across hosts. This study provides new tools for analyzing the universality of bacterial associations across hosts. This study is a step toward understanding the universality of bacterial associations across hosts. This study is a step toward understanding the universality of bacterial associations across hosts.
gamma oscillations are a key component of the olfactory cortex of mice. They are a key component of the olfactory cortex of mice. They are a key component of the olfactory cortex of mice.
SUUR is a SNF2-dependent motor protein that regulates euchromatin-heterochromatin boundary functions. It is a novel ATP-dependent motor protein that is required for the gypsy insulator function. It is a novel ATP-dependent motor protein that is required for the gypsy insulator function.
), accelerated biological age in children is associated with development outcomes including growth and adiposity, cognition, behavior, lung function and the onset of puberty. The results suggest that accelerated biological age may be beneficial for some aspects of child development, and that accelerated DNA methylation age may be beneficial for some aspects of child development.
Genetic Architecture of Childhood Wheezing Disorders, we identify a novel SNP associated with early-onset persistent wheeze phenotypes and identify a novel locus on chr9q21.13 ( close to annexin 1 ).
a crop’s ability to adapt to the surrounding environment. This study provides the first empirical evidence for the potential of parental diversity affecting plant–plant interactions, species complementarity and therefore potentially ecosystem functioning of the following generations in annual cropping systems. This study provides the first empirical evidence for the potential of parental diversity affecting plant–plant interactions, species complementarity and therefore potentially ecosystem functioning of the following generations in annual cropping systems.
A collaborative game-theoretical platform for dyadic interaction.
oogenesis.
Native American genetic ancestry reduced skin pigmentation by more than 20 melanin units ( range 24–29 ). Native American genetic ancestry by itself reduced skin pigmentation by more than 20 melanin units ( range 24–29 ). The Kalinago Territories were recruited with the help of nurses from the Kalinago Territory in 2014.
AMPK signaling are a potential biomarker of diabetes. These findings provide theoretical evidence for the precise management of diabetes by antioxidants and exercise. The results of this study demonstrate that both exercise and antioxidant intervention improve blood glucose control in diabetes by promoting redox balance.
parameter. We then used the same values of the P. major model for Rdevice and the other parameters. We then fixed four parameters and varied the fifth parameter. We then used the same values of the P. major model for Rdevice and the other parameters. We then fixed four parameters and varied the fifth parameter.
The development of prime editing genome engineering technologies has the potential to significantly simplify the generation of human pluripotent stem cell ( hPSC ) -based disease models. PE is a multicomponent editing system that uses a Cas9-nickase fused to a reverse transcriptase ( nCas9-RT ) and an extended PE guide RNA ( pegRNA ). Once reverse transcribed, the pegRNA extension functions as a repair template to introduce precise designer mutations at the target site. This analysis revealed that PE is overall more efficient and precise than homology-directed repair of site-specific nuclease-induced double-strand breaks. By stably integrating the nCas9-RT into hPSCs we achieved editing efficiencies equal to those reported for cancer cells, suggesting that the expression of the PE components, rather than cell-intrinsic features, limit PE in hPSCs. To improve the efficiency of PE in hPSCs, we optimized the delivery modalities for the PE components.
Our study provides a single-cell transcriptome atlas of multiple myeloma and provides a novel cytotoxic plasma cell population with novel MKI67 and PCNA expression. Our findings provide a novel cytotoxic plasma cell population with novel MKI67 and PCNA expression and demonstrate potential immunotargeting in MM.
CRISPR RNA, and its free-standing fragment retains most of the activity. Both the second and the third Cas7-like domains mediate target RNA cleavage in a metal-dependent manner. The first Cas7-like domain nearly engulfs the last 15 direct repeat nucleotides in processing and recognition of the CRISPR RNA, and its free-standing fragment retains most of the activity.
Abiotic diversity is a measure of the diversity of a plant species. Abiotic diversity is a measure of the diversity of a plant species. Abiotic diversity is a measure of the diversity of a plant species. Abiotic diversity is a measure of the diversity of a plant species.
photophysical property of fluorophores can be harnessed to study molecular interactions in single-molecule imaging of live cells
May be a shift in the window of intervention for osteoporosis. This work provides novel insights and evidence in calcium supplementation. This systematic review and meta-analysis comprehensively summarized the evidence for the efficiency of calcium supplementation in young people before the peak of bone mass and at the plateau period.
RNA) interactions via the known NP ( nucleoprotein ) oligomerising molecule, nucleozin, both in vitro and in vivo without affecting host proteome abundance nor solubility. This study is a starting point for understanding how to pharmacologically modulate the material properties of IAV inclusions and may offer opportunities for alternative antiviral strategies.
elegans kinesin-4 ortholog of KIF21A and KIF21B, is essential for proper length control of C. elegans axons, and its motor domain represses microtubule polymerization in vitro.
4% DMSO.. The ovaries are then re-expressed in 4% PFA and DMSO. The ovaries are then re-expressed in 4% PFA and DMSO. The ovaries are then re-expressed in 4% PFA and DMSO.
Sunflower) in a shady location. The seeds were sprayed with a light-sensitive fertilizer and a light-sensitive fertilizer. The seeds were then rubbed with a light-sensitive fertilizer and a light-sensitive fertilizer. The seeds were then rubbed with a light-sensitive fertilizer and a light-sensitive fertilizer.
Biologically active nematodes are able to detect and respond to the presence of a chemical.
Senataxin and RNase H2 are required for efficient repair and insertional mutagenesis in class switch recombination. This finding is consistent with the hypothesis that senataxin acts redundantly with RNase H2 to mediate timely R loop removal and promote efficient repair while suppressing AID-dependent genome instability and insertional mutagenesis.
higher than those elicited by homo-tri-RBD ( containing homologous RBDs from prototype strain ) or the BIBP inactivated COVID-19 vaccine ( BBIBP-CorV ). Our study indicates that mos-tri-RBD is highly immunogenic, which may serve as a broad-spectrum vaccine candidate in combating SARS-CoV-2 variants including Omicron.
PfA-M17 is a novel drug target. PfA-M17 is essential for malaria survival as it provides parasites with free amino acids for growth, many of which are highly likely to originate from hemoglobin. We further validate PfA-M17 as a potential novel drug target.
Molecular and Cellular Biology of Human Hematopoiesis : A Single-Cell RNA Sequencing Study. Molecular and Cellular Biology of Human Hematopoiesis : A Single-Cell RNA Sequencing Study. Molecular and Cellular Biology of Human Hematopoiesis : A Single-Cell RNA Sequencing Study.
Honey bee lines for high and low latent inhibition. Our results suggest that Amtyr1 modulates inhibitory processing in the CNS. Our results suggest that Amtyr1 modulates hebbian plasticity at defined synapses in the CNS.
Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the airway epithelial cell type in mouse tracheal explants. Molecular imaging of the
Mettl3 regulates Fgf16 mRNA expression through a m6A-Ythdf2-dependent pathway. This finding is important for the development of novel therapeutic strategies for heart regeneration. Mettl3 is a methyltransferase-like 3 enzyme that regulates the expression of m6A in the rat heart.
soft tissue cancer, kidney cancer on lung and myeloma. The underlying causal relationship remains unclear. The underlying causal relationship remains unclear. We conducted a pan-cancer association study in the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results ( SEER ) database ( non-Hispanic whites ). The standardized incidence ratio ( SIR ) was estimated as the risk of SPCs in cancer survivors based on the incidence in the general population. Furthermore, the causal effect was evaluated by two-sample Mendelian Randomization ( MR, 13 FPCs ) in the UK Biobank ( UKB, n=459, 136, European whites ) and robust analysis ( radial MR and Causal Analysis Using Summary Effect estimates, CAUSE ). We found 11 significant cross-correlations among different cancers after harmonizing SIR and MR results. A certain type of primary cancer may cause another type of primary cancer, and the profound mechanisms need to be studied in the future.
 The article talks about neuroscience. The results suggest that gaze biases in monkeys are a common mechanism that can explain the biases in humans and nonhuman primates. A novel value-based choice task for macaque monkeys.
Generic metabolic use of common host chemical compounds may be a form of phylogenetic generalism. The results of this study suggest that phylogenetic generalism may emerge from a passive, opportunistic use of various resources, contrary to more widespread views of an active role of adaptation in this process.
The pgm locus deletion mutant Y. pestis is a novel etiological agent of plague.
OpenAI’s generative artificial intelligence ChatGPT was used to analyze language use in 200
endothelial cells ( HECs ) defenestration extracellular matrix and glycocalyx deposition, thus strengthening the liver vascular barrier impairing CRC trans-sinusoidal migration, without requiring a direct action on tumor cells, hepatic stellate cells, hepatocytes, or liver dendritic cells, Kupffer cells, or liver capsular macrophages ( LCMs ).
viruses that were co-infected with both challenge viruses. Our results highlight the value of IAV vaccination not only at limiting virus replication in pigs but also at protecting public health by restricting the generation of novel reassortants with zoonotic and/or pandemic potential.
aversive and can be used to remap memory of aversive experiences
Our results suggest that the caspase-1 inhibitor VX-765 may be a therapeutic strategy to treat HIV-1 infection in humanized NSG mice. The results of this study suggest that the inhibition of HIV-1 inflammasome activation may be a therapeutic strategy to prevent HIV-1 infection and promote the establishment of HIV-1 reservoirs.
, cohoused for 2 weeks and then separated for 48 hours or 4 weeks before collecting fresh nucleus accumbens tissue for RNAseq. These results suggest that partner separation erodes transcriptomic signatures of pair bonding despite core behavioral features of the bond remaining intact.
infants are able to develop motor skills that are able to be mastered by their parents
The Global Typhoid Genomic Consortium is a collaborative effort to gather and analyse genome data from typhoid research communities across the world. It is a collaborative effort to gather and analyse genome data from typhoid research communities across the world. It is a collaborative effort to gather and analyse genome data from typhoid research communities across the world.
COOLAIR is induced by CBFs during early stages of vernalization but COOLAIR levels decrease in later phases as FLC chromatin transitions to an inactive state to which CBFs cannot no longer bind. This suggests that COOLAIR is a potential repressor of flowering time in Arabidopsis thaliana.
across multiple anatomical tissues, including the CNS, and evidence for the clonal proliferation of HIV-1-infected cells was found in the basal ganglia, in the frontal lobe, in the thalamus and in periventricular white matter.
Locally Activatable BioLuminescence ( LABL) is a novel method for monitoring circadian clocks in intact Drosophila. It is a simple and inexpensive method for monitoring individual clocks in vivo. The results demonstrate that LABL is an effective tool that allows rapid, affordable, and direct real-time monitoring of individual clocks in vivo.
Molecular biology, cellular biology
Our data demonstrate a practical research framework to study the effects of environmental variables on interaction strengths of marine communities in nature, which would contribute to understanding and predicting natural marine ecosystem dynamics. Our multiple MiSeq runs generated 71. Our multiple MiSeq runs generated 71.
comparative contrasts ( e. g. rhea-style eggshell appears homologous, while respective ostrich-style and tinamou-style morphotypes are best interpreted as homoplastic morphologies ( independently acquired ).
HyVL experiments. The results indicate that males and females vocalize in different relative spatial positions, and that males take a dominant role in the interaction. The results also suggest that males and females vocalize in starkly different relative spatial positions. The results also suggest that males and females vocalize in starkly different relative spatial positions.
Drosophila titin homologs
We propose a high-throughput, simple and low-cost microfluidic method for quantitatively measuring the elastic and viscous modulus of individual cells. Cells are suspended in a high-viscosity fluid and are pumped with high pressure through a 5. 8 cm long and 200 m wide microfluidic channel. The fluid shear stress induces large, ear ellipsoidal cell deformations. In addition, the flow profile in the channel causes the cells to rotate in a tank-treading manner. From the cell deformation and tank treading frequency, we extract the frequency-dependent viscoelastic cell properties based on a theoretical framework developed by R. Roscoe.
Mitophagy defects in cardiomyopathy induced by MFN2 R400Q mutation. The MFN2 R400Q mutation is a rare mitofusin 2 mutant. The MFN2 R400Q mutation is a rare mitofusin 2 mutant.
Our data provide support for the idea that very young mice are susceptible to influences that can have long-lasting effects on health maintenance in later life, and provide a potential example of lifespan extension by olfactory cues in mice. In particular, odors of same-sex adult mice can in some circumstances delay maturation. We hypothesized that olfactory information might also have a sex-specific effect on lifespan, and we show here that the lifespan of female mice can be increased significantly by odors from adult females administered transiently, that is from 3 days until 60 days of age. Female lifespan was not modified by male odors, nor was male lifespan susceptible to odors from adults of either sex. Conditional deletion of the G protein Go in the olfactory system, which leads to impaired accessory olfactory system function and blunted reproductive priming responses to male odors in females, did not modify the effect of female odors on female lifespan.
DREADD-free mice. Molecular and pharmacological effects of DREADD on sleep. Molecular and pharmacological effects of DREADD on sleep.
MCD, and then compared the measured chemotactic response of an established bacterial chemotaxis system ( Vibrio alginolyticus ) to a standard microfluidic assay. Next, the MCD’s versatility was assessed by quantifying the chemotactic responses of different bacteria ( Psuedoalteromonas haloplanktis, Escherichia coli ) to different chemoattractants and chemorepellents.
Elavl1 is a critical regulator of neural crest specification via Draxin mRNA stabilization. This data supports the idea that Elavl1 plays a critical role in maintaining neural crest specification via Draxin mRNA stabilization. This data highlights an important intersection of post-transcriptional regulation with modulation of the neural crest specification GRN.
is required to establish phrenic MN cell body and dendritic topography; surprisingly, however, cell body position appears to be dispensable for the targeting of phrenic MNs by descending respiratory inputs. This combinatorial cadherin code is required to establish phrenic MN cell body and dendritic topography; surprisingly, however, cell body position appears to be dispensable for the targeting of phrenic MNs by descending respiratory inputs.
We propose a novel incentive structure that can be adopted by social media platforms at no cost. This structure can be applied to existing social media platforms at no cost. This structure can be adopted by social media platforms at no cost. This structure can be applied to existing social media platforms at no cost.
work output from curling protofilaments can be tuned and suggest evolutionary conservation of the amount of curvature strain energy stored in the microtubule lattice
slime is characterized by a fibrose, a fibrose, and a fibrose
omics analysis, selenate treatment was associated with improved comorbid learning and memory deficits in the post-KA SE model of TLE. Our results provide evidence that selenate treatment is a novel therapeutic strategy to mitigate the comorbidity and severity of TLE in chronically epileptic rats.
Danish National Hospital Discharge Register, we developed a new metric to quantify the impact of fragility fracture on an individual’s life expectancy. This metric is a new metric to quantify the impact of fragility fracture on an individual’s life expectancy. The metric is based on the Danish National Hospital Discharge Register, which includes the whole-country data of 1, 667, 339 adults in Denmark born on or before January 1, 1950, who were followed up to December 31, 2016 for incident low-trauma fracture and mortality. Skeletal age is defined as the sum of chronological age and the number of years of life lost ( YLL ) associated with a fracture. Cox’s proportional hazards model was employed to determine the hazard of mortality associated with a specific fracture for a given risk profile, and the hazard was then transformed into YLL using the Gompertz law of mortality.
the accuracy of atlas registration, thereby benefiting the downstream processing tasks
Our results suggest that the CFEM hemophores are related to the FRE substrate-binding domain that is missing in Frp1/2. We conclude that the CFEM hemophores form a functional complex that evolved from FREs to enable extracellular heme uptake.
ToxRS complexes. 0  to compute the van der Waals interactions and long long ToxRS complexes. 0  to compute the van der Waals interactions and long long ToxRS complexes. 0  to compute the van der Waals interactions and long long ToxRS complexes.
are a step towards identifying the hippocampus as a heterogeneous structure. Our results provide new and detailed insights into how specific regions along the anterior–posterior axis of the hippocampus are associated with different cortical inputs/outputs and provide evidence that both gradients and circumscribed areas of dense extrinsic anatomical connectivity exist within the hippocampus.
Animal model. The model was a mouse model of neurodegeneration. The model was a mouse model of neurodegeneration. The model was a mouse model of neurodegeneration. The model was a mouse model of neurodegeneration. The model was a mouse model of neurodegeneration.
highlights a currently insurmountable limitation of immunotherapy and reveals a previously unknown resistance mechanism which enables tumor cells to survive immune-mediated killing without altering their immunogenicity. This work highlights a currently insurmountable limitation of immunotherapy and reveals a previously unknown resistance mechanism which enables tumor cells to survive immune-mediated killing without altering their immunogenicity.
Marmosets and humans display longer fixations on one of the triangles in ToM animations compared to other conditions. Our findings reveal that both species activated extensive and comparable brain networks when viewing ToM versus Random animations, suggesting that marmosets differentiate between these scenarios similarly to humans.
flies are a promising candidate for a novel regenerative medicine strategy. The regenerative effect of flies on stem cell differentiation is mediated by a transcription factor called FruitlessC. FruitlessC binds cis-regulatory elements of most genes uniquely transcribed in neuroblasts. FruitlessC negatively regulates gene expression by promoting low-level enrichment of the repressive histone mark H3K27me3 in gene cis-regulatory regions.
Neutrophils are the predominant phagocytes responsible for the clearance of apoptotic hepatocytes in the stable state. They are also the predominant phagocytes responsible for the clearance of apoptotic hepatocytes. Neutrophs are the predominant phagocytes responsible for the clearance of apoptotic hepatocytes in the stable state.
The neuroanatomical arrangement of motor and premotor neurons into topographic patterns related to their controlled muscles is thought to facilitate how information is processed by spinal circuits. The neuroanatomical arrangement of motor and premotor neurons into topographic patterns related to their controlled muscles is thought to facilitate how information is processed by spinal circuits.
respiration-related brain networks. This study demonstrates that respiration is indeed associated with neural activity changes in the brain. This is a novel component in the respiration–rsfMRI relationship that is distinct from the respiration–rsfMRI relationship. The results of this study demonstrate that respiration is indeed associated with neural activity changes in the brain.
Species that target multiple prey types are predicted to switch foraging modes according to prey profitability to increase energy returns in dynamic environments. We show that these bats use two foraging strategies with similar average nightly captures of 25 small, aerial insects and 29 large, ground-dwelling insects per bat, but with much higher capture success in the air ( 76% ) vs ground ( 30% ). However, owing to the 3–20 times larger ground prey, 85% of the nightly food acquisition comes from ground prey despite the 2. 5 times higher failure rates. We conclude that these bats use high risk-high gain gleaning of ground prey as a primary foraging tactic, but switch to aerial hunting when environmental changes reduce the profitability of ground prey, showing that prey switching matched to environmental dynamics plays a key role in covering the energy intake even in specialized predators.
apes, and humans) from 38 species of anthropoid primates. We found that hand preference for object manipulation was highly variable among non-human primates and that hand preference strength was highly variable among non-human primates. These results challenge popular ideas on primate handedness evolution, including the postural origins hypothesis.
E. ). The endocannabinoid system is a potential therapeutic target in the Williams–Beuren syndrome. The endocannabinoid system is a potential therapeutic target in the treatment of Williams–Beuren syndrome.
Drosophila, Molecular and phylogenetic analyses of chimimetabolous insects.
The dynamics of co-substrate cycling are crucial for understanding and engineering metabolic fluxes in cells
NFATc1 is a critical regulator of articular chondrocyte differentiation during development and negatively regulates chondrocyte differentiation at least partially through regulating COL2A1 gene transcription. NFATc1 is a novel target for regenerative medicine.
lose photochemical efficiency and/or resilience to photodamage. We show that: (i) all types of PSII have a comparable efficiency in enzyme turnover; (ii) the modified energy gaps on the acceptor side of Chl-d-PSII favour recombination via PD1+Phe- repopulation; (iii) the acceptor-side energy gaps in Chl-f-PSII are tuned to avoid harmful back reactions; (iii) the acceptor-side energy gaps in Chl-f-PSII are tuned to avoid harmful back reactions; (iv) the acceptor-side energy gaps in Chl-f-PSII are tuned to avoid harmful back reactions;
mice. Osteocytes are involved in regulation of bone and bone marrow homeostasis through senescence. Osteocytes are involved in regulation of bone and bone marrow homeostasis through senescence. Osteocytes are involved in regulation of bone and bone marrow homeostasis through senescence.
We show that clones from replicate populations in the LTEE are remarkably similar in their gene expression patterns at both transcriptional and translational levels. We also show that mutations in transcriptional regulators lead to consistent and parallel changes in the expression levels of downstream genes. These results deepen our understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying complex adaptations and provide insights into the repeatability of evolution.
CD133 is a progenitor cell marker in the liver of mice. It is a prognostic marker of hepatocyte differentiation and is a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of cancer. The results suggest that CD133 is a prognostic marker of hepatocyte differentiation and may be a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of cancer.
Our results demonstrate that reserpine is a promising candidate for the treatment of retinal ciliopathies. It is a non-toxic, high-throughput drug candidate for the treatment of retinal ciliopathies. It is a promising candidate for the treatment of retinal ciliopathies.
bees and gut microbiota contribute to the full degradation of amygdalin into hydrogen cyanide. This study provides evidence that bees and gut microbiota contribute to the full degradation of amygdalin into hydrogen cyanide.
Cloning of CL loops in solution leads to the formation of membrane pores. This discovery is a novel therapeutic target for the treatment of candidiasis. The results of this study demonstrate that CL polymerization is a novel therapeutic target for the treatment of candidiasis.
a personalised treatment can improve outcomes for patients with different conditions. This could improve the methodology of precision medicine research and inform practice. We show that a personalised treatment can improve outcomes for patients with different conditions. We show that a personalised treatment can improve outcomes for patients with different conditions.
zebrafish. zebrafish neurons integrate into spinal circuits. zebrafish neurons integrate into spinal circuits. zebrafish neurons integrate into spinal circuits. zebrafish neurons integrate into spinal circuits. zebrafish neurons integrate into spinal circuits.
mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain. The RNAseq screen was performed using the Cre-dependent tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain Ai9 ( Madisen et al., 2010 ) crossed with either mice or mice with a tdTomato reporter strain
CIAC) and CIAC Animal Care and Use Committee ( CIAC). CIAC is a non-profit, non-partisan.
Continuous reproduction paradigms ( MGL ) are more accurate in distinguishing healthy control from MS patients, healthy control from MS subtypes, and MS subtypes from each other in MS population.
Drosophila has a descending inhibitory mechanism of nociception from the brain, mediated by the neuropeptide Drosulfakinin ( DSK ), a homolog of cholecystokinin ( CCK ) that plays an important role in the descending control of nociception in mammals.
Aglaia odorata are a plant-parasitizing fungus that overcomes the toxicity of rocaglates synthesized by the plant through an amino acid substitution in a eukaryotic translation initiation factor.
Continuous psychophysics is a paradigm for continuous psychophysics. It is a paradigm for continuous psychophysics. It is a paradigm for continuous psychophysics. It is a paradigm for continuous psychophysics. It is a paradigm for continuous psychophysics. It is a paradigm for continuous psychophysics.
normative thresholds. We propose a normative framework for decision-making that is adaptive to the changing contexts and the expected response time. We propose a normative framework for decision-making that is adaptive to the changing contexts and the expected response time. We propose a normative framework for decision-making that is adaptive to the changing contexts and the expected response time.
A conceptual framework for biodiversity dynamics and abiotic change through time and space using artificial intelligence.
The present study demonstrates that the brain can compensate for the neural delays accumulated early in stimulus processing by encoding moving objects with their past trajectories.
experience drives the neural semantic representation in the dATL, highlighting the roles of language in forming human neural semantic structures beyond nonverbal sensory experiences...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
We demonstrated that dorsal CA1 place cells in rats modulate their firing rate between replay events of two different contexts. Our results reveal the existence of two complementary neural representations available for memory processes. Our results reveal the existence of two complementary neural representations available for memory processes.
mitochondrial defects induced by PARL depletion act as an initiating trigger for ferroptosis in primary spermatocytes through simultaneous effects on GPX4 and CoQ – two major inhibitors of ferroptosis. These findings suggest that mitochondrial defects induced by PARL depletion act as an initiating trigger for ferroptosis in primary spermatocytes through simultaneous effects on GPX4 and CoQ – two major inhibitors of ferroptosis.
FGF21 is a novel hepatocyte growth factor that is a promising therapeutic target for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. It is a novel hepatocyte growth factor that is a promising therapeutic target for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
are described in the text. The data language is defined by the following components: The data language is defined by the following components
Infection with influenza A virus in mice with an H1N1 virus is a chronic and inflammatory disease characterized by a loss of appetite and loss of appetite. The brain is a central regulator of the homeostatic response during an IAV infection. The results of this study suggest that the brain is a central regulator of the homeostatic response during an IAV infection.
follicle cells that showed enhanced invasive behavior with significant changes to the cytoskeleton. Our findings identify a previously unappreciated link between Keap1-Nrf2 signaling and cell plasticity at early tumorigenesis. Our findings describe the comprehensive transcriptome of cells within the follicle cell tumor model at the single-cell resolution and identify a previously unappreciated link between Keap1-Nrf2 signaling and cell plasticity at early tumorigenesis.
EDI is expected when representations of the same cues are less dissimilar than representations of different cues. EDI is expected when representations of the same cues are less dissimilar than representations of different cues. EDI is expected when representations of the same cues are less dissimilar than representations of different cues.
synaptotagmins can be synchronized for exocytosis by a single synaptotagmin. This model provides a novel mechanism for regulating synaptic functions. This model is based on the hypothesis that synaptotagmins can be synchronized for exocytosis by a single synaptotagmin.
Early Triassic extinction. The phylogenetic position of Sauropterygia is a keystone of the early evolutionary assembly of the clade. The phylogenetic position of the clade is a keystone of the early evolutionary assembly of the clade.
Our study demonstrates that methylation patterns are reversible upon quitting smoking and that methylation patterns are reversible upon nicotine cessation. Our results provide evidence that methylation patterns are reversible upon nicotine cessation. Our results provide evidence that methylation patterns are reversible upon nicotine cessation.
The retina is a complex organ system that functions as a sensory organ. It is a sensory organ that functions as a sensory organ.
Paraformaldehyde. The results suggest that fixation of U2OS cells with paraformaldehyde can enhance and diminish the appearance of LLPS from living cells. This finding is important for the study of LLPS in vivo. The results also suggest that fixation of U2OS cells with paraformaldehyde can reverse the fixation effect from enhancing to diminishing LLPS appearance.
Our results demonstrate that neutrophil recruitment from the vascular channel to sites of infection leads to swarm and neutrophil extracellular trap formation but does not prevent IBC formation. Our results also demonstrate that neutrophil recruitment from the vascular channel to sites of infection leads to swarm and neutrophil extracellular trap formation but does not prevent IBC formation.
are characterized by high transaminase promiscuity and adaptability to new connections and ammonium entry points. The results indicate that the glutamate auxotrophic strains are a promising candidate for the study of ammonium assimilation pathways.
Our results suggest that the low pH signals the cellulase-mediated release of monosaccharides from the algal cell wall as an environmental response in coral reef ecosystems. We obtained the Breviolum ( formerly Symbiodinium clade B ) strain SSB01, an axenic uni-algal strain closely related to the genome-sequenced strain B. minutum Mf1.
Our results demonstrate that epithelial-stromal crosstalk is a key factor in the progression of nephronophthisis in mice. Our results also demonstrate that epithelial-stromal crosstalk is a key factor in the progression of nephronophthisis in mice.
Hb-O2 affinity of this sub-Arctic species is largely mediated by a reduced intrinsic temperature sensitivity of the Hb protein. This phenotype is largely mediated by a reduced intrinsic temperature sensitivity of the Hb protein. This phenotype is bolstered by analyses of two Hb proteins ( Hb Gower I; 22 and HbF; 22 ) that suggest an exclusive embryonic stage expression pattern and reveal uncommon replacements in Hb proteins that increase Hb-O2 affinity relative to du.
Drosophila RNA-coding genes are encoded by the Ras V12 gene.
We used mouse models to demonstrate that both PLK4 protein and kinase activity are critical for centriole amplification in MCCs. These results demonstrate that the initial stages of centriole assembly are conserved between cycling cells and MCCs and suggest that centriole amplification and surface area expansion are coordinated events.
Endometrial stromal fibroblasts are a novel mesenchymal cell type that contribute to the rapid restoration of an intact luminal epithelium during endometrial repair. They are a novel population of wound-responsive, plastic endometrial stromal fibroblasts that contribute to the rapid restoration of an intact luminal epithelium during endometrial repair.
The phylogenetic analysis of Burkholderia thailandensis shows that the chromosomes of the genus are asymmetrically arranged and that the chromosomes are asymmetrically arranged.
We found that redundancy in translation components of Escherichia coli is beneficial when nutrients are plentiful and costly under nutrient limitation. This nutrient-dependent cost of redundant tRNA genes stems from upper limits to translation capacity and growth rate, and therefore varies as a function of the maximum growth rate attainable in a given nutrient niche. The loss of redundancy in rRNA genes and tRNA modifying enzymes had similar nutrient-dependent fitness consequences.
a new tool that uses WebGL to allow the exploration of trees with tens of millions of nodes in the browser for the first time. Taxonium, a new tool that uses WebGL to allow the exploration of trees with tens of millions of nodes in the browser for the first time. Taxonium can be applied to any tree, and is available at taxonium. org, with source code at github. com/theosanderson/taxonium.
RNA localization is regulated by RNA binding proteins and RNA binding proteins in epithelial cells. These findings provide the first evidence that RNA localization is regulated in epithelial cells. These findings provide the first evidence that RNA localization is regulated in epithelial cells.
We developed a Python toolkit for quantification of loss of cell type identity associated with aging. We implemented methods as they were originally described in the literature. Scallop, a novel computational method for quantification of membership of single cells to their assigned cell type cluster.
clonal transcriptomics with WILD-seq identifies mechanisms of resistance to chemotherapy that are also operative in patients and pin points asparagine bioavailability as a druggable vulnerability of taxane-resistant lineages. clonal transcriptomics with WILD-seq identifies mechanisms of resistance to chemotherapy that are also operative in patients and pin points asparagine bioavailability as a druggable vulnerability of taxane-resistant lineages.
DMRT1 in testis differentiation in mammals. DMRT1 is a testis-determining factor in mammals and is essential for testis differentiation in mammals. DMRT1 is essential for testis differentiation in mammals and is essential for testis differentiation in mammals. DMRT1 is essential for testis differentiation in mammals and is essential for testis differentiation in mammals.
Drosophila. The results demonstrate that CTPS is essential in regulating body weight and starvation resistance in Drosophila by functioning in the fat body. The results also demonstrate that CTPS manipulation is a potential therapeutic strategy for HFD-induced obesity. CRISPR/Cas9 technology was used to establish the C-terminal mChe-4V5 tagged CTPS knock-in fly according to homology-directed repair procedures previously described by Drosophila.
We show that zebrafish embryogenesis is dependent on the type I receptors and the type II receptors. We also show that the type I receptors are maternally deposited and present during zebrafish embryogenesis. We also show that the type I receptors are maternally deposited and present during zebrafish embryogenesis.
a phenotype of interferon production. NIH 3T3 cells with a phenotype of interferon production. NIH 3T3 cells with a phenotype of interferon production. NIH 3T3 cells with a phenotype of interferon production.
glutamylated -tubulin is required for the normal distribution of kinesin-1 in the germline. TTLL5 is required for the normal distribution of kinesin-1 in the germline. TTLL5 is required for the normal distribution of kinesin-1 in the germline.
family and synteny programs, especially in polyploid, outbred, and other complex genomes. Nevertheless, leveraging information across multiple genomes remains a significant challenge in nearly all eukaryotic systems. These challenges range from studying the evolution of chromosome structure, to finding candidate genes for quantitative trait loci, to testing hypotheses about speciation and adaptation. Here, we present GENESPACE, which addresses these challenges by integrating conserved gene order and orthology to define the expected physical position of all genes across multiple genomes. We demonstrate this utility by dissecting presence–absence, copy-number, and structural variation at three levels of biological organization: spanning 300 million years of vertebrate sex chromosome evolution, across the diversity of the Poaceae ( grass ) plant family, and among 26 maize cultivars. The methods to build and visualize syntenic orthology in the GENESPACE R package offer a significant addition to existing gene family and synteny programs, especially in polyploid, outbred, and other complex genomes.
Aeruginosa and S. aureus are two polymicrobial communities that interact with each other. The results of this study demonstrate that P. aeruginosa and S. aureus are interacting with each other in a polymicrobial community. This study provides support for the intermediate disturbance hypothesis and provides support for the intermediate disturbance hypothesis.
We report on this framework and describe PHI-Canto, a community curation tool for use by publication authors. The quantity and complexity of data being generated and published in biology has increased substantially, but few methods exist for capturing knowledge about phenotypes derived from molecular interactions between diverse groups of species, in such a way that is amenable to data-driven biology and research. To improve access to this knowledge, we have constructed a framework for the curation of the scientific literature studying interspecies interactions, using data curated for the Pathogen–Host Interactions database ( PHI-base ) as a case study. The framework provides a curation tool, phenotype ontology, and controlled vocabularies to curate pathogen–host interaction data, at the level of the host, pathogen, strain, gene, and genotype. The concept of a multispecies genotype, the ‘metagenotype, ’ is introduced to facilitate capturing changes in the disease-causing abilities of pathogens, and host resistance or susceptibility observed by gene alterations.
evolutionary timescales. Using F1-hybrid cells derived from crosses between distantly related inbred strains of mice, we identified thousands of enhancers with allele-specific transcription factor binding and/or activity. We find that genetic variants located within the central region of enhancers are most likely to alter TF binding and enhancer activity. We observe that the AP-1 family of TFs ( Fos/Jun ) are frequently required for binding of TEAD TFs and for enhancer function. However, many sequence variants outside of core motifs for AP-1 and TEAD also impact enhancer function, including sequences flanking core TF motifs and AP-1 half sites.
Our work reveals the importance of NINL in the antiviral response and the utility of using signatures of host–virus genetic conflicts to uncover new components of antiviral immunity and targets of viral antagonism. Our work reveals the importance of NINL in the antiviral response and the utility of using signatures of host–virus genetic conflicts to uncover new components of antiviral immunity and targets of viral antagonism.
Actin isoforms that are regulated by the cytoskeletal system. They are essential for the normal function of eukaryotic cells. The structure of actin isoforms is important for our understanding of normal cytoskeletal physiology. The structure of actin isoforms is important for our understanding of normal cytoskeletal physiology.
RNA sequences are used to demonstrate the utility of TARDIS. The results of this study demonstrate that TARDIS is a novel approach to large-scale transgenesis that overcomes typical limitations encountered in multicellular systems. The results of this study demonstrate that TARDIS is a novel approach to large-scale transgenesis that overcomes typical limitations encountered in multicellular systems.
, et al., 2013). The proteome for E. coli strain K12 MG1655, consisting of 4400 protein sequences, was retrieved from UniProt ( Wu e, et al., 2013).
Dopamine neurons are a key regulator of basal ganglia functions. They are a key regulator of basal ganglia functions. The role of neurexins in regulating DA neuron connectivity and neurotransmission is unknown. The role of neurexins in regulating DA neuron connectivity and neurotransmission is unknown.
, to own mobile phones than rural residents ). We conclude that ownership of mobile phones is equally likely in 33 African countries, and that ownership of mobile phones is equally likely in 33 countries. We conclude that ownership of mobile phones is equally likely in 33 African countries, and that ownership of mobile phones is equally likely in 33 countries.
Antibody levels following SARS-CoV-2 vaccination are associated with: ( 1 ) SARS-CoV-2 infection following vaccination ( s ) ; ( 2 ) health, socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 3 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 4 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 5 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 6 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 7 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 8 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 9 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 10 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 11 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 12 ) health, socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 13 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 14 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables ( s ) ; ( 15 ) socio-demographic, SARS-CoV
